Project :-product id expansion(2 to 4 char)
Client :-AbInbev

project duration:- feb 2016 to june 2017
No of application :-BIC,SSM,PLN,PSM,APOM,ADS(SOAP webservice),WMS

Client description:AbInven is US company which manufacture beers.it is one of bog company in beljium(head quarter)

Requirement:-this compaany have currently 1296 prdouct.for which it has 2 char product id.now comapny is growin with no of products.so it need to increase size of product
from 2 to 4 char.
here this product id used in 3 diffrent combination.
PCS,PDCN,Product itself.where it combines with container code and stock code.

approch and phase of project:-
approach decide to deliver application:-its divided in 3 diffrent wave based on complexcity of application.
1.analysis phase:-we need to find out places where we need to code change,what are inbound and out bound interface,what are database,schema.what are techonlogy is used for interfacing.

2. build phase:-deploy the  existing application 
3. code changes 
4.UT and SIT
5.deployment


challanges:-
1.invisiblity of everything.
2.to find out interface of application.then how to applu bridges.ned to check whether other application will affect or not.
3.data setup issue.client does not have proper test data.and same database is used with multiple application.so every one is changing according to rrquirement.
4.intercation  with diffrent technology applicaton.(mainframe,.NEt,webmethd,sap,bi,c++,) usinf FTP and jms
5. we dont have knowledge of MQ technology.here everytime facing issue with mainframe side.


what are the big challanges and achivement i solved and get.

1.delivered all application with no defect in SIT UST ,production.
2.on time deleivery.
3.gave traning to entire team for MQ technology.
4.solved one AMS team issue which was pending with 20 days.and i solved in 1.5 day by optimizing query.
5.solved one production  cache issue during deployemnt time.
6.solved one two DB connection issue with diffrent tech.
7.solved one UI issue hlding with 10 days.
8 developed search and replace tool for project.
9

technology:-core and advance JAVA,oracle
frame work:-jSF,jms,struts,spring ,ant ,maven
Hands on experience on tool:-github,clearcase,ALM,beyond compare ,decompiler,MQ explorer,eclipse ,toad,Soap ui 





